## Example Summary

This example demonstrates classification of single digit character images into one of 10 categories: 0 to 9. The pipeline takes the image pixels as a 2D array from the UART back channel, performs model inference and sends back the detected digit class to the GUI for display.
A compact and modular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with 60,000 parameters is used for classification. The model is designed to handle multivariate input data and supports multi-class classification.

In the PyTorch training framework, neural networks are trained with optimizations (for example, aggressive quantization) that target TI MCUs. After training, the neural networks are compiled by the [TI Neural Network Compiler](https://software-dl.ti.com/mctools/nnc/mcu/users_guide/index.html). Options passed to the compiler determine which of the following actions the generated inference library performs:
1. Hardware accelerated inference using a Neural network Processing Unit (NPU).
2. Software-only inference using the CPU on the MCU.

This example is built for the Software only inference mode using the CPU on MSPM0.

The output from the TI Neural Network Compiler is an artifacts directory that will contain: A header file (for example, tvmgen_default.h), Generated C code files (for example, lib0/lib1/lib2.c)
and a library file (for example, model.a). This makes the output from the compiler easier to integrate with the project.

In the header file generated by the compiler (tvmgen_default.h) and stored in the artifacts directory, information about input/output data shapes and types is provided,
and input/output data structures and the inference function are defined.
 
## Peripherals, Pin Functions, MCU Pins, Launchpad Pins
| Peripheral | Function | MCU Pin | Launchpad Pin | Launchpad Settings |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SYSCTL |  |  |  |  |
| UC0 | RX Pin | PA11 | Back-Channel UART RXD |  |
| UC0 | TX Pin | PA10 | Back-Channel UART TXD |  |
| BOARD | Debug Clock | PA20 | J101_16 |  |
| BOARD | Debug Data In Out | PA19 | J101_14 |  |

### Device Migration Recommendations
This project was developed for a superset device included in the MSPM0 LaunchPad. Please
visit the [CCS User's Guide](https://software-dl.ti.com/msp430/esd/MSPM0-SDK/latest/docs/english/tools/ccs_ide_guide/doc_guide/doc_guide-srcs/ccs_ide_guide.html#sysconfig-project-migration)
for information about migrating to other MSPM0 devices.

### Low-Power Recommendations
TI recommends to terminate unused pins by setting the corresponding functions to
GPIO and configure the pins to output low or input with internal
pullup/pulldown resistor.

SysConfig allows developers to easily configure unused pins by selecting **Board**→**Configure Unused Pins**.

For more information about jumper configuration to achieve low-power using the
MSPM0 LaunchPad, please visit the LP-MSPM0G5187 User's Guide.

## Example Usage
1. Compile, load and run the example.
2. Launch the GUI (Character Recognition GUI Guide can be found at SDK_INSTALL_DIR/tools/character_recognition/README).
3. Draw a digit (0-9) and use the GUI to send the data for inference.
4. The inferred class will be displayed in the GUI upon receiving the result from the device.

## References

- MSPM0G5187 Technical Reference Manual [Link](https://www.ti.com/product/MSPM0G5187)
- [TI Neural Network Compiler Guide](https://software-dl.ti.com/mctools/nnc/mcu/users_guide/)
- TI Model Training Guide: [tinyml-tensorlab](https://github.com/TexasInstruments/tinyml-tensorlab/tree/main)
- EdgeAI Software Guide: SDK_INSTALL_DIR/docs/english/middleware/edgeAI/MSPM0_EdgeAI_User_Guide.html