## Example Summary

This example demonstrates time series classification of waveform signals into one of three categories: sawtooth wave, sine wave, or square wave. The pipeline takes the featured extracted values from the raw waveform data and performs model inference and blinks the appropriate LCD based on the predicted class.
A compact and modular Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with 14,124 parameters is used for classification. The model is designed to handle multivariate input signals and supports multi-class classification.

In the PyTorch training framework, neural networks are trained with optimizations (for example, aggressive quantization) that target TI MCUs. After training, the neural networks are compiled by the 'TI Neural Network Compiler' (https://software-dl.ti.com/mctools/nnc/mcu/users_guide/index.html). Options passed to the compiler determine which of the following actions the generated inference library performs:
1. Hardware accelerated inference using a Neural network Processing Unit (NPU).
2. Software-only inference using the CPU on the MCU.

This example is built for the Software only inference mode using the CPU on MSPM0.

The output from the TI Neural Network Compiler is an artifacts directory that will contain: A header file (for example, tvmgen_default.h), Generated C code files (for example, lib0/lib1/lib2.c)
and a library file (for example, mod.a). This makes the output from the compiler easier to integrate into a CCS project.

In the header file generated by the compiler (tvmgen_default.h) and stored in the artifacts directory, information about input/output data shapes and types is provided,
and input/output data structures and the inference function are defined.
 
## Peripherals, Pin Functions, MCU Pins, Launchpad Pins

### Device Migration Recommendations
This project was developed for a superset device included in the MSPM0 LaunchPad. Please
visit the [CCS User's Guide](https://software-dl.ti.com/msp430/esd/MSPM0-SDK/latest/docs/english/tools/ccs_ide_guide/doc_guide/doc_guide-srcs/ccs_ide_guide.html#sysconfig-project-migration)
for information about migrating to other MSPM0 devices.

### Low-Power Recommendations
TI recommends to terminate unused pins by setting the corresponding functions to
GPIO and configure the pins to output low or input with internal
pullup/pulldown resistor.

SysConfig allows developers to easily configure unused pins by selecting **Board**→**Configure Unused Pins**.

For more information about jumper configuration to achieve low-power using the
MSPM0 LaunchPad, please visit the LP-MSPM0G3519 User's Guide.

## Example Usage
Compile, load and run the example.
Red LED will glow if the input timeseries data belongs to sawtooth wave, green if its a Sinusodial wave and blue if it belongs to a square wave.
By default the example builds for a Sinusodial wave. The user can modify the #define in main.c to try running the example for the remaining two classes of waves.
